# UI Prompts:  

- I want to build
out a simple website design system. I
want to have the colors be primarily
dark, but also have some light accents,
and then the primary colors are going to
be blue as well as purple. I don't want
any linear gradients. I want it to look
professional, and I want the font to
overall be relatively thin.

- I want the primary button color
to be purple as well as white. Let's
make the purple a dark purple. And then
for the secondary button, let's have a
black button with white text. Let's also
maybe create some inputs as well as some
drop downs

- I want to create a beautiful tile.

- I want to also create a table view
that's going to be able to have a nice
heading. And I also want some examples
of what all of this looks like over a
white background

- I want to have a
beautiful hero image with some nice
typography that fades in and let's
leverage motion for that animation

- I want to
have a hero area that reads developers
digest and I want to reference all of
the styles just like I had within the
style guide. And the goal for this page,
let's have it look like a modern SAS
landing page, but let's try and leverage
as many of the different component
pieces that we have within the style
guide
