# Remarks

## Audit log

- A detailed log of operations must be developed. 
- Changes in the database must be stored in the log together with DateTime and with the Author of the operation.
- CREATE When, and by whom.
- UPDATE: When, and by whom. The old value of the changed field must be stored in the log.
- DELETE: When, and by whom. The log will contain the whole deleted object.
- Objects in the log can't be references to other database object. Objects in the log must be copies of the original objects.    

## Team members profile

I addition to the name and a hourly rate, a team member has a list of privileges he can use in the application. 
Privileges define what the user can do in the application. Privileges are defined by the businness owner.
Business owner can assign privileges to a team member. 
Privileges can be: 
- privilege to add cost event (transport, material, labor, machine, other)
- privilege to see (or not) job financial state (budget, actual costs, profit)

To make the privilege work, the application must be able to identify the team member. 
The team member can login to the application. The login must be authenticated. 
The team member must have an identifier which is used to identify him in the application. 
The identifier must be stored in the log together with the operation.

## Role of sequential ids

Every item in every collection has a sequential id generated by the Firestore. The id is autoincremented and is unique within the collection. 
It simplifies identification of the item in the application. 
A user can say:
- "Add a cost event to job 123",instead of "Add a cost event to job "Zarathrustra, Černovice".
- "Update material item 45" instead of "Update material item "Plasterboard with holes""
- "Delete advance 3 from job 123" instead of "Delete advance 1255,- crowns from job "Zarathrustra, Černovice""

